Make to behave all unsupported processors in the same way. (#269)
elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED
  - Fixes the `MissingFormatArgumentException` potentially `String.format` may cause in the `SimpleResolverCache` [#380](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/380)

>   - Plugin tags even with `_ingest_pipeline_failure` when unsupported `set_security_user` processor appeared [#269](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/269)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed `set_security_user` processor to behave consistently with other unsupported processors (`inference`, `enrich`) by tagging events with `_ingest_pipeline_failure` [#269](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/269)
 ```
